welcome to the iron bank please sit
this is Stannis of the house Baratheon
and do you feel your blood gives you a
claim on our gold more than any man
living when Tywin's gone who do you back
there's only one reliable leader left in
Westeros Stannis no more of your men
will die you've got bigger bulls he
makes this hip now you're proven my
brother's desk those creatures who came
in the night they wanted to take you
away and you didn't let them
you remained loyal Tyrion of the House
Lannister stand accused for the Queen
regent of regicide it's no trial too
fast Cersei has manipulated everything
you know it Tyrion will be given the
chance to speak he'll plead for mercy
I'll allow him to join the Nights Watch
and to be found guilty
oh you think so when you are you need to
enter a formal plea for mercy enough to
be sent to the wall fathers agreed to it
crown may call its next witness
I know that he's guilty he and Sansa
planned together
he stole poison from the grand maesters
chamber to put in Joffrey's wine she
please do I am a [ __ ] I will not give
my life for Joffrey's murder and I know
I'll get no justice here so I will let
the gods decide my fate I demand a trial
by combat
couldn't couldn't listen to her standing
there telling her lies Brown fought for
me once he'll do it again
who does Cersei plan on naming as a
champion
so Gregor welcome to the capital
Muncey's army was closing in on
Craster's keep when we left we need to
prepare we've been preparing we can't
defend the gate against 100,000 men this
castle has stood for thousands of years
the tunnels gate won't stop them the
bars on those gates are four inches
thick cold rolled steel and they won't
stop them if I gave you the choice
between [ __ ] Lolly's and fighting the
mountain you'd have your britches down
and your [ __ ] up before I could blink is
he frightening you so much actually a
bloody fool if he didn't frighten me
he's freakish big and freakish strong
why should I risk it justice for my
sister and her children if you want
justice you've come to the wrong place I
will begin with Ser Gregor Clegane who
killed my sister's children there will
be your champion
[Music]
I know what you did you kissed him you
kissed Peter didn't you don't understand
so you you can't lie to me because I saw
it with my own eyes I have only loved
one woman only one my entire life your
sister if they hit moles town and we're
next I'll do 102 men stop 100,000
remember what you are and what you're
not bring me moat Cailin if we yield we
live is that what he says on this paper
here yes you didn't really think I'd let
them go did you lose thank you
you spied on her have you told her I
wanted to tell you first you'll never be
alone with her again you have until dusk
to collect your things and leave this
city if you found in Mereen past break
of day I'll have your head thrown into
slavers Bay moat Cailin is yours father
from this day until your last day you
are Ramsay Bolton son of Roose Bolton
warden of the north
and they told you who I am some good man
I am the brother of Elia Martell I'm
going to hear you confess before you die
her name
[Music]
[Applause]
it's time
[Music]
now down
[Applause]
[Music]
Serena's just fallen the castle won't
stand much longer
[Music]
besides I've had enough for one night
[Applause]
one to five months the Walden army is
only an army because their months you're
going to kill it
I'm gonna try I've been sent to
negotiate with you attacking awesome oh
it's like you simply don't have the men
destroy him when yellow came from the
sky end
[Applause]
here's a three-eyed Raven how do you
know I've been watching you all of you
all of your lives
you are a star she's not coming with you
she's you're gonna die I'm gone what are
you doing what do you think I'm doing
golly he's waiting in the bay boundary
city who's helping you feriss ferriss
get more friends in your thought
[Music]
the three city of Braavos wait I have
something else how did you
[Music]